There's places that have good white pizza.
I didn't experience good white pizza until I had it at a Nicky's in white
Plains. Roche's pizzeria and white plastic right down the street,
right down the street from executive billiards.
They had white pizza that will knock your Dick right in the dirt.
It had melted butter and garlic on it and, and ham and.
And you'd bite and be like, yeah. That's why a lot of Italians were in white,
white Plains. I mean, Hey,
this is not my favorite now it's white castle is white castle still around,
remember white castle, small burgers. Yeah. 41,
bro. They make a vegan white cow. Yeah.
[inaudible] I'm pretty sure.
White castle for all the friends to make a vegan burger.
Now white castle does, which is time, which is like,
that's literally like a, buy-in a vitamin from a poison factory.
That's a bad idea. Vitamins too. Yeah. Yeah.
If you're vegan and like you're buying vegan burgers,
soy from a company that does millions of animals a
year. That's impossible burger, impossible burger. You feel better. Well,
how about taco bell?
Taco bell puts essentially sand it well sodium by
carbonate, bro. No Silicon by carbon, I think called Silgan.
So they're they're they're they're beef filling.
They're not allowed to call it beef filling.
They have to call it taco filling because it's not beef.
That beef has silicone in it to make it fuller and more. Um,
look it up that. That is delicious. Look up.
What's in taco bell.
How would you, how would you doubt that? Why do you,
how would you need evidence for that? It's taco bell taco.
That's a conspiracy theory, dude. A double Decker taco. I don't give a,
dude, bro. There's no.
YouTube. It's not real.
Where'd you hear this wash from silica, dark silica.
Brian, I believe you were talking about taco bell.
It's not in there. Isolated Oak products, chili pepper, onion powder,
Silicon dioxide, anti caking agent. Now look that up.
So carbon dioxide agent, how about you guys?
Love tacos.
Go guys. What does it say? Anti caking nature to avoid clumping and supplements.
It's used to prevent various powdered ingredients from sticking together.
As many food additives,
consumers have often often have concerns about Silicon dioxide
as an additive. Is it safe?
Is this cancer that sand see that they put in there also frequently found in
health food, nutritional supplements as an additive cells, Silicon dioxide,
primarily functions as an antiquing agent,
which prevents ingredients from binding together.
But it doesn't say if it's cancerous,
you'd do it every now and then [inaudible] look at this proven carcinogen.
Well, who sat in McDonald's answer that's in their buns.
So Silicon dioxide is a proven carcinogen wives.
McDonald's opt to use this in buns, potentially hurting human health.
Silicon is categorized as a trace mineral then,
which means that it's needed in minimal amounts to maintain health. As,
as his requirement is very small.
It's recommended daily allowance for Silicon has not been specified cause it's
not food. Duh.
However experts suggested a daily consumption in the range of 20 to 30
milligrams is needed to stay healthy.
Does that McDonald's chase
[inaudible].
I guess it is just a trace mineral maybe, but maybe it is. Yeah. It's important.
To Donald's is sailing for sure.
But you know, it has, you know, but here's the thing.
If they can't really say all this, if it's not true, if they do,
they get in deep.
So it might be real that Silicon is a trace mineral.
It's an important part of our own feed,
but it also you're putting dirt in your burgers pro food, food grade.
So maybe it's different. So it's like, why is it in there though?
Even if you you're saying
[inaudible] Can't have it. Cranky can have K filler man, 36%.
Beef. Oh.
It's only 36% beef. And talk to them about 64%.
Is a wide range of fillers that cocoa powder.
36% Beef, 64% is made with fillers.
Don't we all know this and preserve it.
This is a hundred percent beef.
You killed you really think it was 64%.
When I eat them, I'm like, listen, man, this isn't going to be good.
I'm going to, my pants, but I love their toast. Yeah.
Have you heard that conspiracy theory that McDonald's, you know,
it's a hundred percent beef that that's an actual trademark name,
a hundred percent beef. Is that for real or it's not.
I don't think they can say that. I mean they can get sued. No, no, no.
It was like, it was like, it's like.
A slave, their beef they're called a hundred percent. So they named.
A hundred percent.
Beef even though it's 40%.
Right. That's the conspiracy theory. So I don't know if that food is.
She does some is McDonald's the same as taco bell in terms of like what
percentage of it is actually beef. If you just look up their chicken,
the one thing that's really weird about that,
the one thing that's up about the beef that you get in hamburger from the cows
is those cows can come from 10 different parts of the globe.
So you're eating the, the cows from China, Argentina, United States, who can,
all those cows.
Killed there.
They all been killed. Then it's brought together.
So it's all smushed to like one cow, bro. I don't give a.
My burger has come from ice to know cows name. I have to do this.
I'll tell you though.
I think the healthy healthiest thing for you at McDonald's.
Is to make it true.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Fish is made from real fish.
The Lego fish is awesome. Have you had a McRib? Those are real ribs. You know,
they take me to present real. They take me as a rip.
Let's read the McDonald's McDonald things. Not true. I love it.
Make that larger, please. I want a fish sandwich, Eddie. Well smaller again.
So it fits the screen. There you go. Why? This is a fascinating premise.
There is nothing to at McDonald's hamburger patties in the U S are made with a
hundred percent us da inspected beef.
They're cooked to prepare with salt pepper and nothing else. No preservatives,
no fillers debunked.
So it's pretty healthy debunked.
How's that possible?
Say what is the top of that site? What is the title of it?
Are McDonald's hamburgers? A hundred percent beef dude. Why does it taco bell?
Get on that train.
Nah, it. They're like, it. We just go, bro. You know it's for you. Yeah.
They're way worse than McDonald's then.
Yeah. McDonald's buys their meat from a company called a hundred percent beef.
That's not true.
That's not true. That's.
What it says. Oh that's the conspiracy theory.
Yeah. The whole thing it's false. So it is look man,
you could probably get beef pretty cheap if you do it that way and just grind it
all down. I still like Del taco.
So all that stuff is so gross. But if you go to a real taco spot
[inaudible].
I love McDonald's.
Up. I will up an egg McMuffin will up
[inaudible].
Sausage.
McGriddle. I think it's an egg that's. Here's the thing.
If you get egg McMuffin with ham, they really can't with that. If you get,
you get that sausage, who knows what's in that sun. But if you get that.
How about the bread.
Curious? No, the eggs actually lately they, they make their, what?
The egg McDonald's said that they would the mouth chickens and eggs they use.
Now. They don't have, I think they don't use antibiotics. Beaks, look at it.
The tinny eggs that are freshly cracked in McDonald's restaurants,
that's impress the chains, egg items,
such as scrambled eggs and egg whites are made from liquid eggs.
But so that's what you go where you go with the regular chicken or you go with
the regular egg McMuffins who doesn't get egg on their egg. Me I'll fit.
I'm going to just get the sausage Patty. Well the sausage patties,
you don't know what you're getting with. That tastes good. Doug bacon,
those sauces. They have scientists and they're working on tastes for real.
They do a good job.
The bread soaked in syrup. What about that? You're talking about the McGriddle.
Come on. The McGriddle. It's brilliant candy. It's brilliant. It's candy was.
Handy. Having a very good.
Very good. I like it. I feel good when I eat it.
What does play a fish filet of fish? I love, I never had one.
You're the first person I ever talked about it. It's my dessert now.
Very good. Yeah. They're good. We should post that tartar sauce.
I still think the best in and out of the best hamburgers right now. Five guys.
Pretty. Good to have five guys. Five guys with slice jalapeno sued.
I'll tell you. Shake. Shack is very far shake. Shack's delicious.
No on all these dude. You can't shake.
Does it right Ken over to him now. it. Beef, chicken sandwiches. The best.
Which one? Chick-fil-A it's good. It's good. It's good. That's pretty good.
Chick-fil-A is delicious.
They made their name off that sandwich and I'll tell you something else.
Cause I got pickles and stuff.
Now shake shack that jalapeno smoked jalapeno bacon burger.
Get the outta here for my cash.
I just get a Whopper with cheese, ketchup only for campfire beef. Cheap.
You can't with it. Broil bro.
I have to be, super hungry in the middle of the desert.
You know like on the way to Fresno for me to with burger king,
I gotta be desperate.
Stupid wooden king that they have at that dumb ad. I sold it. I'm.
Down with Wendy's. I love Wendy's.
Wendy's on another level. See,
I'm a really burger king burger king when I'm done with the show and there's
nothing else open. I'll go to burger king. You know what?
Give me two Whoppers catch up on over Mickey D's oh yeah.
With Wendy's beef is never frozen. That's how they get you squared.
I judge them on McDonald's fries.
That's for three weeks when I was a 17 year old and I bet you were terrible.
We'd drop the burger and put it back on the grill. And we showed them
ruined a piece was up when we were younger, we did by accident.
I didn't want to waste the food. You know,
a good Italian sub with like melted Parmesan cheese
talking about the meatball. [inaudible].
Tuna, the tuna at subway. I'll with that.
From sub what are you talking about? About a real sub Blimpie's
[inaudible] deli Quiznos. Come on.
[inaudible] you go to an Italian deli in Boston or New York where they have the
hams hanging from the ceiling where the guy is a 90 year old guy, uh,
base cities in Vancouver, the basic crap, the mother,
as good as it gets [inaudible] down your throat it's delivered basically is
unbelievable. There's some spots. This is unbelievable,
but why don't more people do that?
Like when you go to a real Italian restaurant or real Italian sub shop and you
get like sausage and peppers with tomato sauce. so good. You're like,
okay. Who? Why don't they figure out how to sell this more place?
Now I know quality's expensive, bro. It is,
but it's so God good. You're like, okay,
well all these like little cheeseburger spots,
how come you can't have a sausage with peppers in Hoboken,
New Jersey in the nineties, all Italian. You'd go into those delis.
And they'd had the water mozzarella. They're making them the back.
They'd make the mozzarella and they put that on a, an Italian sub.
Oh my what's baking the bread right there. Send Janeiro's aerospace.
Yeah. Yeah. That's a little, little, they always have these big sausage vendors.
Just giant grill sausages, laid out.
You're walking by and you get one and immediately
[inaudible] busting your mouse. Oh my God.
The bread bread is just got this density to it. And you're like, holy.
You guys ever with the kitchen sink cookie. What's that?
The kitchen sink cookie, all ingredients are in the cookie at Panera bread.
Every pair, they got a cookie called the kitchen sink. It's five bucks, dude.
This is a good deal. We usually with chocolate chip cookies.
I don't with the oatmeal or cinnamon cookie.
It's gotta be a good chocolate chip cookie, maybe some peanut butter in there,
but kitchen sink has everything and it's addicting as. You gotta be high,
right? No, no, no, no. You know what?
There was a Panera Panera bread next to Chipola.
So I go to Chipotle and go get the salad. No, no burrito.
I'm going with the south site clean.
I clean it Chipotle and then the Panera bread's right next door. And I'm like,
should I just walk to my car and just get in and drive the away?
Or am I going to go next door and this all up and get a kitchen sink.
So I've always had this struggle.
I go to Chipola and I'm eating like an Olympian at Chipotle.
And then I walk out and sometimes they get in my car and just burn rubber and
I'm out. But it's, it's been, uh, a problem of mine. But luckily,
luckily, luckily I struggle with these same seriously. I was,
I had a salad. No, that's not it. I had a salad and I walked out and I was,
you know, I was on the fence of whether I should get a kitchen sink and I said,
it. I'm going to get it. And I walk next door and the place closed down.
I'll probably be like, holy, legit. Totally. I feel good now,
now there's I don't, I don't have a choice to leave.